added new graphql Filter Operator `contains` (#363)
dotwebstack/dotwebstack-framework: backend/rdf4j/README.MD

sets the field to which the filter is applied, in the example above this is the `name` property of the `Brewery`. 
If the directive is assigned to a nonexistent field, an exception will be thrown at compile time. The `operator` 
argument is used to describe the filter condition that is used to set the relation between the field and the value provided

> by the user. The following operators are currently supported: `=`, `!=`, `<`, `<=`, `>`, `>=`, `contains` and `like`. It is possible 

Reviewer: We had an internal discussion about naming and would proprose the following:
`contains` for case-sensitive matches
`iContains` for case-insensitive matches.

The reason being that `like` would imply some sort of fuzzy matching.

Author: @bmklaijkadaster agreed...
I'm going to rename `like` to `iContains`

Author: done

to omit the `operator` argument, in that case the default value (`=`) will be used.

> Relational operators are self-explanatory, `contains` and `like` operators are explanation below: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relational operators are self-explanatory, `contains` and `iContains` operators are explained below: 
```

The `contains` operator indicates a case-sensitive search for any of the specified words or phrases within a particular `field`.
The `like` operator indicates a case-insensitive search for any of the specified words or phrases within a particular `field`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of the `iContains` and `contains` filters may result in slow queries depending on the backend implementation and the size of the dataset. Consider using a dedicated search solution for larger datasets.
```
